[Music]
now I'm taking my last ride
I paid the highest price you can pay
I'm on my way do others feel
a Palmer's grave is where I'll be to
rest until the end of times
[Music] welcome back to Lady Babylon Wednesday
night bible study so fantastic to have you here tonight tonight we're going to
just take a tiny tiny whack at that fracture in space-time I'm just gonna
open it up a little bit all a part of our campaign to storm the gates and take back the
text that's right we're taking them back they belong to us now tonight we're
gonna raise up a number a number of profits and I know when
profits come around and you get baptisms we're going to start getting dirty so
there's a little bit of dirty material tonight fair warning we are going to go
to that place where we can get the wine of Sodom tonight on lady Babylon
oh some of you have come here thinking that
Christ is the messiah it is not the terms are not equivalent
one is a late term and one is a term that was used for a millennia within
mystery religions one is a term that was invented to mask for another term
one is an original tonight we're gonna sort all that out because remember
when it comes to the Christ the Christ is not the Messias
the Christ is not the Messias the Christ is the Christos and tonight you get to
see what the Christos is I want to give you this video we're going to start out and I'm going to give you this to you
twice once in the beginning once in the end so specifically because the images are meant to penetrate you are meant to
be finding what is behind them Chewie hit it [Music]
thank you [Music]
foreign [Music]
we can now proceed I advise everybody to
put their seats in the upright position and to buckle into your Thrones Maisie
star guides you yeah let's go let's do it bring up that
first you know what I'm going to do before we bring up the text I'm going to call them out I want to introduce you guys to somebody you've never met you
could not have messed you you could not have met this person you could not have heard of this person this person did not
exist thanks to a cover-up a historical medieval cover-up
fantastic a linguistic crime scene from
the 10th Century fantastic let's bring up our first text for tonight please
this is every welcome everybody welcome if you don't mind for me right
blow that up too who is this this is
wait what yeah this is ambakum who is that oh he's somebody that you'll meet
if you ever take a walk through the papyri graikon magikai yeah he's a
prophet he's a prophet what does he sing look at this first line prose days
what is he doing he is a prophet with his oy days with his oyed days bring me
up this definition of the oidase there there we go Ryan what is that it's from
it's from oyed in Greek and if you just look just peruse up and down look look
at what you sing songs and you sing look about five or six lines down starts out
with ID starts out with ID look at that word the first Greek word we see in there
what are songs as this tells you because the
people who worked on the Oxford and knew the Alice of Alice in Wonderland
they understood that the iyachos is the song is the song
these are prophets prophetes every word I have given you is
a native Greek word ambakum
now ambakum had his we'll get to that
thank you amakum had his identity still one
fortunately his words weren't we have them as evidence at this terrible
linguistic crime scene what is that yakos what is that yeah of
course pull that up Alice what are you going to tell me about yakos look it's the Mystic name of Dionysus remember
ladies and gents Dionysus is found is early as the Linear B
antastic fantastic run whoa and look look at number just every take a take a
little look at number two under a it's a song and honor
yes that's that song and honor of Dionysus so somebody was asking somebody
else about what are the shouts I saw it on a I saw it on an interview
I don't remember what show it was YouTube right and I saw it and they didn't know
what the shouts were my goodness if you don't know look people
come on I know you guys are all listening to these people right it's not
you it's me too but we're all listening to these people we can't take some of
them serious because they're full of lies full of lies whenever they get unprofessional and they start throwing
around their Harvard credentials you gotta know you're about to get stuff full of lies this episode is brought to
you by the folks dislike Harvard and Yale for the fact
that they have so let us down yeah you guys didn't read our test did
you who's the cat production dude you should have read them fantastic let's go back to the iakos see
what we've got there um go down to oh here this is the good part I get to give Moses here right
right this is the third century and it's the
first time that we've heard of the guy but okay here we go Moses
Moses I hear that you're a snake-loving guy I hear you a snake loving guy Moses
come forward bring him up oh that makes me fills me
with chills to do that bring it up EK got um
this is let me just read this to you guys I'm just gonna stop turn on my translator ride right you're a hour our
ampolos our Vine our Grapevine is from the vine of Sodom
yeah our cultivated Vine is grown
from by the gamorans as a little bit fancy there I tried to get on the grape
cluster right the grape cluster is a bunch of
grapes filled with hole oh it's biting look at verse 3 33
um right what what is what is their wine
what is their wine their wine is
bring it back up it's the thumostra Canton the sumos is that inner desire
sumos is that breast that heart if you will
and that drive and our Drive our drive is the drive of the Dragon
our wine brings us the drive of the
Dragon look at look at the next line that same that same agreement that same text back
Chewie fantastic bring that one up good and what is the next part of the verse
says and the drive aspidon
Drive of the asps and then we get one little word dropped right there at the
end Moses and you gave it to us so kindly on
it's from the alpha primitive I plus Yahoo to heal or to heal to bring Health
to apply drugs to bring Health this is the drive that is the UN healable or
untreatable poison of the asp yeah what is take it down what is Moses
get his words off there what is Moses telling us
what is Moses telling us we're in a world we're in a very strange world of snake venoms
you mean that you mean that substance that he's talking about is the in the wine and the
wines or these wines of Sodom yes yes
uh-huh you have missed a whole universe that was there that was there I'm going
to take you even through the docks let's keep going Moses thank you Moses have a seat don't
grab that staff I'm not afraid I'm not afraid of your staff
fantastic where do you think you got that stuff anyway well they say he was the student of
musaeus or Orpheus or they all they were all students of Medea
nah there is a world there is a paradise where she is Queen
yeah I can Envision it bring us back number next Source bring it up we're taking these Old Testament sources today
we're taking them they belong to us right oh okay yeah I want the next Greek
bring me the next Greek Source we'll come back to those um yeah but yeah okay this is good enough
all right and they gave they put into the Brahma move they put into my food
right that call like excuse me like holy Kole kolio art garlic
right what is a coliagogue according to Physicians it's that stuff that bring purges you're holy
right whoa what are they doing here they put it into his food and they did they
watered they liquefied they gave me liquid right they gave me the liquid for
my thirst it was Ox sauce it was awesome they gave you the oxos
what is this from did we just dig somebody up this is from the Psalms this
is from the Psalms from your Bible right and it's using the cult
terminology which of course it should be because these are songs these are songs
and songs are magic now you're gonna not understand that
you're not gonna understand that the world is not made up of
entertainers who sell their work and have it produced on a stage oh isn't
that intelligent that's not the world the stage is a religious place of purification we don't have your stupid
entertainments that's what we're doing here right you have to give the anthropology
its day yeah you have to give the anthropology of today with these texts I'm telling
you guys I've worked with a lot of Greek and Roman texts work with a lot of them there is always a context a very human
context those words are not coming from Fairyland
good I'm sorry I'm a little bit angry too much bad cop tonight too much bad
cop bring us in the uh here let's go through some of these words that we skipped over here Chewie yeah hit that
one look at that can you bring that down for them and blow it up fantastic toxicross right we we've looked at this
for once guys but I want you to remind you this has to do with the bow has to do with the bow and the equipment
right can be the one skilled ride right so you can talks about the talks those
guys who were skilled in the bow and by guys I mean male and female right collectively
The Bowman right took so Thai toxotai
The Bowman of the scythians were Bo women isn't that nice love it keep keep that
up I need to I need to see that some more look at number two though toxicon pharmakon now we're swimming in
our area where we're comfortable right the poison for smearing Arrows with
equaling the latinum you mean Venus and drugs are connected
yes now you still didn't get it now you're starting to get it right hit me in with another one of those toxic look
at this furnished with a bow my number two this
one also equals toxicos it also equals the same thing but look at the end of the line
toxic cause salmos toxic salmos
wait the twang of the bow string Psalms and songs and bow strings are all
connected they're all connected in Antiquity you're dealing with the very same entity
you're dealing with the Titans you say what the language it makes sense
the translation she doesn't the Titans those who stretch
heraclitus understood that the Universe was held in the
tension isn't it amazing that guy was smoking
the universe is held in tension it is that tension that brings you the
seed that tension that brings you the seed
start thinking like an ancient Greek start thinking like an ancient Greek no
yeah think like a pre-socratic yeah fantastic it is that tension that
stretching that brings the seed or the semen it's that tension
okay okay I'm beginning to see Titans Titans are those strainers
they are those powers that maintain that tension
wow okay I'm starting to starting to see some things here starting to see some
some things okay the songs you don't get songs without tension
wait what you can't produce a note without some form of that Plucky tension
like a bow you hear the bow right let's make some harps
and pluck let's make some Harps and pluck yeah okay so you can see where the mind
is your nerra that caused you to have that satariasis and for those of you
didn't sit on the seder's meeting you won't get the right picture but for those of you who are standing there
seders with your priapus you have that tension because of that
pharmacon because of that toxicon pharmacon
that bow poison gives you the tension
brings the music oh I see okay if nothing else these
people are totally totally stoned right okay fine I get it bring us bring
us another text you're saying I want to know where I'm going right let me show you where we're going this is lovely and
I thank you for your time tonight bring up that next test yeah yeah oh let's go to job let's go to job
then right so we've got our we have our jugs of the wine of Sodom
we have our drugs and we're about to see what happens when you get these jugs jugs of wine right we kind of know
because we saw the daughters we saw the daughters there here the here are the girls
right let them do their thing spare The Gents the out fantastic you know where we are
you know where we are good bring up that verse again um yeah yeah what okay ready we're not
with the people you think we're with these ancient practitioners this these
Prof this prophetess yeah here we go if
a person's gifts sinned to the Uranus
yeah and is thusia the things that he burns
in offering right if they're taken up
right within the clouds within the clouds do you know what the clouds are
the clouds are in reference to a cult ceremony if I was given a paper I'd be
saying in Ritu the clouds are referring to the
fumigations the fumigations the fumigations Fantastic these are
prayers don't you remember it when abacum just came into the room the one you guys were probably hear called
habakkuk or habakkuk if you're an Evangel Evangelical
you ever been preached to about habakkuk um can tell you
that the first thing offered is that prayer is that prayer that prayer is
that incense in the nostrils of Zeus
yeah those prayers go up they're oftentimes pictured as
um beautiful young dimeless yeah beautiful young demons
beautiful young demons good name for a rock group I think anyway
let's get back to it bring me up some more Greek let's give him some more Greek because we got a picture going
yeah and you won't be able listen you're not gonna be able to get any help right
because there's this holy a speedos in your gut
okay when you're in the thick of it in the right and you're right there in the depths of it as the prophetes as the
prophet you're not going to be able to just step
out of it you've got the poison on board that's why you need the theriac if you
don't have the theriac you're gonna end up screaming about being thirsty on a cross waiting to die from the toxin
let's get back to it where's that naked boy wait how long has it been I got about 25 minutes this time before we got
to the naked boy thanks for keeping track everyone um by the way we're gonna have Neil come on here in just a minute but let me wrap
this all together this is all the Bible I've been reading to you all of it
yeah so you're not going to be able to get any help when this thing is inside you because it's you've got the poison
right that's the ASP go to the next one Chewie that's the ASP right but here's
the entire Passage if you're so bent
right on this evil that is under your tongue right right you're gonna hide it
you're gonna hide it there you're gonna hide this poison right under your tongue something that hides
poison right under its tongue we are square with the serpents these are the
dracantes right you can be proud to the person who was commenting about
the order of the dragon and Vlad ride Vlad I I see your Vlad and I raise you
marulas yes and I say look at the hymns of marulas the the mercenary poet who
fought with Vlad this is the Impaler this isn't the modern Vlad of Shame this is Vlad the
Impaler the member of the order of dragons yeah order the Dragon Baby
yeah um look at marulas he has it in his hymns very same cult very same cult yeah
fantastic love that comment by the way um go ahead yeah bring us up let's see yeah so you're gonna keep this thing in
your mouth right you're not gonna you're never gonna turn away from it you're addicted to this stuff right and you're
gonna keep it there in the middle of your throat and nothing is gonna help
because that hole is in there and what is that kolei that
Holy keep going down let's go to the next one whoops I need to go down to here I think where the let's check out
no let's go back up to Cole please where's the holy oh where's there it is
yeah there it is look at this guys take a look take a look at number four
serpents Venom right serpents Venom and we get this reference to job we also get
a reference in the Paula Doris notice by the way at number three uh lxx of course
is Septuagint right it's a 70. right and look look at how bad the maserates do
things are you ready Hebrew Rush a poisonous plant variously called Hemlock
and probably okay stop right there that's how you know this the trans the original is not Hebrew
right variously translators Hemlock or poppy any ancient Roman or Greek would
laugh at that you know the difference between Hemlock and Poppy is like incredible if you were some Monk or you
were some dude who was in a religious order or if you were some dude who was part of an orthodox order
you know what you would do you wouldn't know the difference and so you would throw them together in some garbage
translation that's what you're getting from the mazarites this text is not
Hebrew it is a very specific Greek and
they couldn't translate it right Julius Africanus is going up to the guys
working on the Hebrew and he says to him he says what are you doing and they you know this is Greek
you know what you're doing it's back translating this the Hebrew text doesn't exist
ask your Scholars he says a question ask your Hebrew Scholars what this word
means just like a cup was one of common trees he says they don't know
future conversation they don't know right because they're speaking Greek
Hebrew has been dead for 400 years yeah and they don't have the vocabulary
anymore why they didn't write anything down they didn't write anything down
wow and you mean you thought this text everything that I'm quoting to you tonight you thought was Hebrew look how
screwed up your perception would be if you put either opium or Hemlock in that
little thing boy it's a good thing we're not magicians or we'd be poisoning ourselves
fantastic okay let's keep going let's keep going let's just keep drilling
we've got a couple more and we're going to jump jump to kneel yeah go ahead uh the end of that translation the long one
I just want oh there's none there's a good one take down the Bible studies people can see this
oh yeah God totally bashed us right he ripped us a new one yeah and he forced
us to drink the hole he forced us to drink the hole because we we
failed in just in front of him just in his presence we failed
we failed so what does he do he gives us the poison what does Hercules do with this stuff what does
Hercules do let's keep going what does Hercules do yeah
oh look at that this is somebody else look people where this is from we're going now from a Septuagint to the New
Testament right hold on you Bible scholars I know hold on I know you're
not used to this because you're used to bs'ing the world you're used to lying
watch this what they do they gave him wine to drink
with hole huh with hole and mixed in
mixed in and you know some minutes when he tasted
after he tasted it he didn't want to drink it he didn't want that wine a
Sodom he didn't want that he's screaming I'm thirsty and in place of my
uh from my thirst they give me the oxos
now thank goodness there's a physician and a a medieval
zoroastrian fruitcake magician who tells us that the um
the antidote in his words the antidote for
um the dips ass Viper is is called oxas
Let's Just Dance what they call it yeah so it makes sense so we're seeing in the
psalms about druggies getting wasted on Venom so that a dude who is the Christos
can then later sit on a cross and fulfill his mission
as the son of God right right out of the myth right out of
the cult right out of the history right out of the history
yeah right out of the history hit us within the uh our last I think
we've got one more here boom yeah hit us with that first one yeah um I wanted you guys to see this I just
want you to look at the last line look at the EO beloys yeah
send out what does Heracles do with his bows he dips them in the in the holy of
the serpent right he dips it he's one of these guys who uses those poisons right
and here it is within him this is not a document for us to it's not a musical
it's not some kind of entertainment it's a hymn Meant To Be Sung
during the performance of the mystery okay give me the give me the next one there
um and then finally we're down to Dias Gordy's who's a physician and Dias
Gordy's is going to tell us he's going to tell us what we can do with the Oak and and the acorns that come from and
the oak Galls that he's going to be talking about it yeah he says there
um erratic and their treat kephalale you know headaches and they can be consumed
or they can be breathed in they can be breathed in now matusai
and we have some things that are helpful when someone is eating the Ebola wait a
minute when someone's eating what yeah when someone's eating that yobolos
right what is that Yoba loss wait it means shooting arrows yeah
shedding Venom or venomous animals oh I see look at number two averos poisoned
and we get the orphic hymn to Heracles notice what's poison the Hyma the Hyma
that's that poison Essence that's that poison blood that drink my blood when
lady Babylon gives us the cup right when lady Babylon gives us the cup
we are drinking that fatal blood that will put us into death
so that she can resurrect us that's the mystery
1200 years before Jesus is ever using the word Christ it is not a great it is
not a Hebrew word it is a native pre-hebrew Greek concept think about
that just for one minute what I'm laying down tonight Christos is pre-hebrew cult Greek
pre-hebrew cult Greek it is the state of an oracular child of God
the oystermania is the state of the Prophet that is the Christos that is the
Christos okay okay let's look there's one more that I have one more thing yeah
I had one more little thing I just want you to see this little Paul doors just so you don't think I'm I'm bsing you
we're the last word in that first line is the word that's used to baptize right
this is just to die or to cover with a liquid or a gel or a cream to cover
something okay soos and Boston what did he do he
covered his arrows he baptizes arrows in the Holy
okay that's what he does that's part look at the anthropology again second
line is excuse me he's doing the same thing he's
dipping his Aki whoops is yeah Akita sakidas there it is he's
dipping his projectiles right Akitas I'll keep yeah
[Music] that's a projectile project something with a point comes
comes from the root for point yeah he's dipping them and what in that
Holy again right it's a very specific use of a very
specific drug from Antiquity and it is a cult drug so when we find out the
serpent has so many heads kefla and we're talking about Revelation or
apocalypse we're talking about that dragon with the heads realize
realize what we're talking about we're talking within cult about the communion
fantastic fantastic no problem it's not a flying dragon
I'm sorry to disappoint you but J.R Tolkien is full of it
right he's it's just kind of it's kind of Mythic masturbation with
just a hint of Norse doo doo right no offense to the north your stuff
is great right but wow we're talking history people we're
talking history lastly there is a word
in Greek that is the great representation
now is the Greek representation of what um you would call Messiah
and that word is Messias right there was a Greek word for it
yeah what happens when you make a Greek word for a Hebrew word and then claim
that another Greek word is that same Hebrew word
you're only doing that because you have to fake it you're doing that because you have to fake it
because you can't explain it Christ is not Messias they are not equivalents
yeah we have just been reading the text of a bunch of drug using cultists those
who founded your sighting your philosophy and everything about the tiny religions that sprang off as a result
all right Judaism Christianity Islam are The Offspring of this religion
yeah yeah so we're gonna start looking at these
texts and we're going to find every place where our Greek where our Pagan
religion has been washed and whitewashed and sanitized
so that you get a version of something that doesn't exist I'm going to show you the real religion I'm going to bring you
to that that
donkey phallus Centaur who's going to teach you about the drugs
yeah fantastic thank you for your time I want to bring Neil on now I'm sorry to
short you nil 10 minutes and I want to have a little back and forth maybe an interview Neil say hello it's good to
see you thanks for having me on I can if I if I can just um bring up a few things
I want you said because I couldn't agree more and you that was amazing well said well said
the when we look at Genesis
first of all there's no one citing this text before the ptolemaic times before
Alexandria you never there's no one in Persia no one in Babylon no one in Greece no one in Egypt ever mentioning
Abraham or Moses or the Genesis story you only start hearing people citing
this text after the 4th Century BCE and it's it's it's like what what's going on here well
if you look at the if you look at the uh the courts of Ptolemy soter and his son
it's Demetrius Valerian who comes from Athens he is the successor of all the
socratic thinkers he's the successor of Plato and Aristotle he's bringing down all that knowledge to Alexandria you've
got barosis the Chaldean coming over here moneto who's citing hecateus of
abdara where you get your first Moses story and then you have kalamakis the hymn writer who is using baking chance
like hallelujah and amen for pagan gods but not for Yahweh or anything so all of
a sudden you're looking at this court of Alexandria like oh I see what's going on
here they're putting together like a steroid a religion on steroids right now that's what's happening and so from from
the Greek perspective it's all Native it's all fluid it's like it all flows
you get terms like Daisy domania which means the religious feeling that bakic
revelry feeling which gets translated into the fear of God it means you have to fear God and be afraid of him that's
not what it means it means it does yeah it means fearing God but it means the religious frenzy fearing of God it's the
religious feeling it's that bakic Mania and so when you get when it gets translated from Greek and Hebrew and
then into English or then in the Latin and then into English I should say you lose all the contacts we have no idea
who these people were talking about when you go back and so the the Greek side is where it gets crazy now if I can one
last thing I want to do I I heard what you said about the Christos thing and the oyster Mania
thing and I pulled out some sources if anyone wants to see this is from askilus
Prometheus bound so I'm going to share three screens real quick and then and then that's it then I'm done the first
one I want to show the Greek so here it is right here this is the Greek
you notice how this is from Prometheus bound askless uh 566 right it has their you've got
your chance in the beginning there's here's your first word kriya
Korea and then there's your oystros so I'm going to click on this word right
here right this is their Crea now what does this mean now check this out this is going to blow your mind here's
the real here's the real origins of what a Christ is okay
Creo I clicked on that word here's what it gave me Creo
Korea now we click on the lsj rub anoint all that stuff it's the
anointed right but what's this one down here with the gad fly that's odd Well
turns out if we go back to ask list this is where it comes from
so I'm going to share them this the last screen I'm going to and then I'll show the translation actually so the uh if we
go back to the Greek text you see this word oysteros Creo
tessros we click on this oystros and what do we get well let's let's uh let's
switch my screen over to that word right now I'll show you what I'm get what I got here oystros
the gadfly so what is this Korea gadfly phrase happening what's happening here well
let's do it let's see let's go to the English translation just to speed this up a little bit because we could translate it ourselves which we normally
do but just for the sake of time let's just see what uh let's just see what Alice has is for the translation real
quick I'm going to go to the text back to the text uh reveal what this all means and you get
oh ah a gadfly Phantom of The earthborn Argus is stinging me again
to be stung by the gadfly is the Creo
and this is the first time you see this show up where there's a Christos or a
Creo in any text it's a it's a title and in this case Prometheus is being is
is being stung by the gadfly he's becoming a Christos
there it is I mean we're just pulling out sources here which is not our theories or what we think happened
this is the source so I just wanted to bring that up
notice notice Neil that it's that gadfly sting that brings that Madness or the
what they called the oyster Mania if you just take that oysters and you look up
oyster Mania it'll tell you this is the state that you enter when you're
prophesying under the influence of the oysters they said the Mania that Mania
that that term has to be in there right it's for profits it's for the prophets
it's what they used we have a reference in diadoris to the cristasa the the
self-christing of Medea right so when she enters that frenzy in order to do
her thing it's not it's not odd to us that somebody was claiming a title of
the one who is christed it's not it's not odd at all to us and it it just
makes great great sense that he's in the shape that he is screaming about is being thirsty and whatnot it's the same
presentation of symptoms so yeah why I wanted you I wanted people tonight Neil
what did you think about reaching back into abakum um we you know he does talk about the
sotare he talks about the so tear and he talks
about the salvation and we skipped over it but he talks about the one who is
that bringer that that great uh it's it's the first one Chewie bring that up
real quick I need to show people he is the one look at that look at that paragraph uh that second paragraph there
Ryan he's he's look at that first verb [Music] origos is doing he's entering that orgy
in the rivers he's entering that that extreme satiric phase that when your
Tyrion is kicked in and you're standing there with your erection his thumos is in the waters right his what is that
word that's weird hormones from that right
his impulse his sexual drives in that sea why do you think that that where do
you think that power production comes from right and what's funny is the next line says right this
is all from your what you call the Old Testament he says he gets up on his horses and his horsemanship is his
salvation stop if that's not a reference if that's not a reference to the oyster
Maniac horse culture that is the kind of Black Sea civian culture and there's one
group in it right but the group that produces that says hey we're going to change our identity those Aryans and
they change their identity to medes this is that same horse culture that's
spreading these drugs and it is working in concert in the text with the purple
trade as well so we've got some we've got some things to start looking at if we can what do
you think Neil about I mean this is an Old Testament Prophet how does all that strike you you mentioned because you
mentioned how there was a paradise and Medea was the queen and we can put it together through the
primary sources you can too because you you get Medias venerated down in Egypt
she's venerated over in Italy she's venerated and then you've got the medes Horizons says that the needs own account
of themselves that they used to be called Aryans until Medea came and they
changed her name to the medes because of her that's like there's a lot there's a lot of sources to show that this stuff
there's historical layers happening here it's not just fairy tale like there's this is some real Bronze Age history
that's being baked into these into these texts maybe that's how they tell the stories I don't know what's going on
here but like there's so there's a layer of truth to this stuff there's a there's an Empire of the mind
you and I have talked a little bit about this there's an Empire the mind and I don't know which one of us first came up
with the idea may have been you and I just called it the Empire of the mind but there is a spread of a mental
culture from from some people would say all the way from India to
um the edge of Europe right with the oracles up in Brittany some people would
say it goes all the way that far when pindar trots out his Oracle of Medea and
says that she was sitting on Thera the island as if she is
governing the Mediterranean she is telling people where their future
Generations will colonize isn't that weird she's telling you in so many
generations your descendant remind them will go should go off to North Africa
build a city called X worship worship there someone they were saying that the
um the people that were living in the masagatai which is probably another way to say
Magog or like the Eastern scythians Gog Magog or massagatai whatever there's
probably different there's probably a hundred different words to say it but in this particular story Cyrus is trying to
go in there and say hey let us marry your let me marry your queen which she already has a bunch of other queens that
he's married to for political reasons so he can have their land basically so he can take their territory use it as a
trading Port whatever and this queen was like hip to it she's like nah we have no Queen but Medea
so that she ended up going to war with Cyrus and she beat him the Jewish
Messiah Cyrus the only person in the whole Old Testament who gets called my
Messiah finds his end from a queen in the middle of nowhere
who has no wealth no no power he he goes out in there I think he's just going to
conquer everything and she she ends up with his head in her hand saying and then she takes his head this is what she
does this is a true this is this is in Herodotus she takes his head puts it in a vas of blood
and then says now you'll never have to thirst for blood ever again
oh I have no Queen but Medea get out of my land like that's some like that's badass
this is who we're talking about we're talking about the world that no one ever talks about but there's people there and
there were they were brilliant people too you know very good had very high
culture and everything you know yeah lady Babylon it's something it's
something of history that we just uh it's better covered up it makes us feel
better uh now that we're part of these offshoots Judaism Christianity Islam makes us feel better to kind of mop this
up I was jarring somebody's mind the other day tell me what you think about this Neil with the whole pirate thing
the lace days right with that second century pirate Queen
um yeah the second century pirate Queen from across the across the
sea there to on the east side of Italy um yeah and she's uh tuta and she goes
to war with the Romans she's like screw you I don't want you you know you're not going to come out here and tell me what
to do I'm the pirate Queen well they build a huge Army like the biggest
Point went over there and you know and conquered but people don't see that
they're behind the oracles is a is a whole system of power that is
being exercised in Antiquity and if you don't understand what a pirate Queen is if you don't understand how you could
take somebody you could trade children you could trade drugs and you could
promote the religion that drives your Society then you don't understand how
the Bronze Age is put together right I mean it's just uh it's amazing I hope
people can see I hope people can see the big picture Nia was there anything else
that stuck out tonight did you want just to comment on yeah the last thing I was going to say
is um what you see what you're seeing happening in the final centuries leading
up to the Common Era the time of Jesus uh you're seeing the a bunch of nerds
basically getting together and saying well we have this uh we had this this Empire you know whether it's the
macedonians or Romans doesn't matter because they're both doing the same thing they're both they're trying to create this Universal package of
religion wherein the Bronze Age had an understanding or not even just the Bronze Age you know the uh the age
leading up you know the Iron Age leading up to Alexander's time all that but like they had an understanding that wherever
you went location-wise if you were in Cyprus you honored Aphrodite if you were
in um I don't know Athens you honored Athena and you had this regional thing
happening everything was the there was a balance there then as soon as you start getting all these nerds getting together
trying to create these Universal religions like Christianity and Judaism and Islam it just seems like everything falls out
of order it's like there's more chaos from this it just seems like the the it's a failure to try that you gotta you
gotta let people have their own culture and and and and uh it would just seemed to work better that way
it makes you think that maybe when they talk about civilization you know and the
value maybe it was something that they saw that they were building there's a freedom in having libraries for example
there's a freedom of having all sorts of temples where all sorts of religious practices can happen right the drive to
make it the one I mean couldn't you put Neil Jesus and his Apostles and that
group of nerds that you're talking about yeah so the drive to make it that one
exclusive group tends to be explosive naturally explosive yeah love it love it
I wish that we can reclaim in our in our searches I hope that we can reclaim what
that Christos really was if we did we could probably understand a lot better
who Jesus was why he was doing what he was doing and why most importantly he
was arrested in a public park at 4am with a naked kid yeah yeah absolutely Neil I'll give you
the last word thanks for coming tonight all right I'll take the last word the last thing young one of the last things
young says Carl Young in this famous Red Book it says you need to recognize the
multiplicity of the Gods you cannot unite them into one being
I was thinking about that you gotta let you gotta let there be a diverse culture
you're not just gonna or unify them into one thing that you
want Let Let There Be separations Let There Be diversity you know
look at the man pulling out pulling out the great cursed Red Book of Carl Jung I
love it where else can you guys get this Neil thanks for coming and I do just want to uh say by the way that Neil's
working on more videos and I have to say the last one that I saw I was quite
impressed with Neil I mean you're rolling out Blockbusters one after another and I hope I hope that yours is
coming yours is coming soon too I'm almost can you tell the group a little just a minute about what it's about we're
working on a video he did the audio and I'm doing the videos and editing and
it's about Medea so we'll Premiere it sometime we'll get
it out there sometime the next week within this week yeah it's an honor to have been able to to
have been able to work with you on that and I hope that we can bring bring lady Babylon as forward as crisp as possible
you know what I mean Chewie says thanks and thanks to everybody for all the great positive comments that she's given
and uh you didn't know Julie was a female did you right
I knew I knew that okay the audience didn't know yeah
now something's been revealed right okay fantastic now it makes sense doesn't no
anyway um thank you for coming tonight guys and thank you for continuing to be a great audience and uh hail Satan hell Satan
[Applause] [Music] [Applause] there is another
boy [Applause] [Music] oh
to me on Sunday it's gonna break your heart
okay